Feature/media (#2)
Brawdunoir/dionysos-server-websocket: docs/requests/loadfile.md

# Transfer File Metadata

## Description
Send file metadata to the room.

> This request aims to advertise room peers to know file size and other information related for the further transfer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This request aims to notify room peers about the file size and other information related for the further transfer.
```
